DOC-1686 LTS release policy (#213)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/intro/pages/release-process.adoc

= TigerGraph Release And Patch Process
:description:This page explains TigerGraph's release process and patch naming conventions.

Updated March 6, 2023

== Versions and Support

TigerGraph is committed to providing the most scalable, most reliable, most secure, and highest performing enterprise-grade graph database.

=== LTS Version

To provide users with a long and stable product lifecycle, we designate certain versions of the product as LTS (Long Term Support) versions.
We commit to providing 24 months of maintenance releases, critical issue patches, and technical support for LTS versions, starting from their initial release.
We expect to release up to two (2) new LTS versions per year.

=== Preview Version

In between LTS versions, we will release Preview versions that introduce previews of new features.
Preview versions enable users to get an early look at upcoming features and to provide feedback to TigerGraph.

> Preview versions are not covered by the https://www.tigergraph.com/support-policy/:[Product Support Policy] and therefore are not suitable for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview versions are not covered by the link:https://www.tigergraph.com/support-policy/[Product Support Policy] and therefore are not suitable for production use.
```

> TigerGraph Cloud will offer users a choice of either the latest LTS version or the latest Preview version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TigerGraph Cloud offers users a choice of either the latest LTS version or the latest Preview version.
```
